The Brief

Your task is to build an interactive website using web technologies. Your project should make use of the range of techniques you have explored during the module and demonstrate your understanding of these techniques and ability to deploy them successfully. For this assessment you have to decide a theme on which you will create your website.

Theme 1 – Educational
In this theme, you can select any schools, universities or educational institutes online or physical. It could be a profitable or non-profitable educational institute.

Theme 2 – Portfolio
In this theme, you have to create your own personal portfolio website that showcases your work, experience and overall development, something that you can use professionally in future.

Theme 3 – Medical
In this theme, you can create a website related to the medical field such as hospitals, pharmacies or nutrition, it can be related to physical therapy or even mental therapy consultation.

Theme 4 – Gaming
In this theme, you can create a website that showcases famous games in general or a specific online game that will have its reviews rating and impact. You can also create a website related to a specific sport.



Theme 5 – Organisation
In this theme, you can create a website that can be related to a business, either your own or the one you like. It could be a profitable or non-profitable organisation online or physical.

For the above themes, you can pick/adapt any existing website as your reference idea, or make one up. There are some creative/technical constraints to consider:

● The piece must deploy HTML5 and CSS.
● The website must include at least 5 pages in which the user
must be able to make navigational decisions (e.g. pick where they want
to go next).
● Your website should include media assets (i.e. still images, moving
images, (audio or video if possible)) to make your website more interactive and engaging.
● Javascript and related languages/technologies may be used to enhance
your website.


Deliverables

The deliverables for the Web Development Project are as follows:

Web Development Project
 
Project Files: This includes your HTML and CSS files, as well as any image, video and audio assets needed to render your story. These should be uploaded to your GitHub Repository.

The Development Document 

Your Web Development Project must be accompanied by a Development Document of a minimum of 1000 words (there is no maximum word count). 

Please include the following elements (note the suggested word counts):

Brief: A very short description of what you have been asked to develop (50 words).
Design Direction: What theme did you choose and why? What is the underlying concept of the piece? (300 words). 
Technical Description & Walkthrough:  In this section you should provide a link to a video which includes a walkthrough of your program running as well as a technical breakdown of your code. This technical breakdown should explain how the key features of your program have been implemented via code. The video technical description & walkthrough contributes to the overall word count. The anticipated length of the video is 3-5 minutes.
Critical Reflection: An evaluation of your project that notes what is compelling about the work, what could be improved, and what web programming techniques you need to learn to make such improvements (300 words).

Submission

Please follow the submission instructions below. Work that is submitted incorrectly may not be accepted or could incur a points penalty. 

Before submitting have you…

Checked that any digital work is functioning as expected?
Spell-checked and grammar-checked any written work that accompanies your digital work? Please make an appointment with the Writing and Learning Centre or speak to your tutor if you are experiencing challenges in this area.
Formatted your written work to the specification below?
Referenced all sources of information accurately? Please refer to www.citethemrightonline.com (Harvard) for guidance.

Your work must be submitted via Turnitin. Please adhere to the following method:

Push your project files to your GitHub Repository.
Paste your GitHub Repository link into your Development Document (Word).
Submit your Development Document to Turnitin.
